Add pages for new documentation #25 (#26)
metafacture/metafacture-documentation: Flux-User-Guide.md

Linebreaks are optional, but help concerning readability. One can add comments with `//`.
Semicolons `;` mark the end of a variable assignment or flow definition. 

### Flow Definitions

A FLUX contains multiple command-moduls that are doing specific things. E.g.:

```C
"file/path.mrc"
| open-file -> This opens the file of the provided `file/path.mrc`-path.
| as-lines - This reads the file by lines.
| decode-marc21 -> This decodes the data as binary marc21 into an internal format.
| fix(FLUX_DIR + "fix-marc21.fix")  -> This executes the provided Fix-transformation.
| encode-json(prettyPrinting="true") -> This encodes the transformed data as JSON-Format.
| write("stdout") -> This writes the Json-Data to standard output.
;
``````

The syntax for defining flows takes its cues from bash pipes. Commands are concatenated with the pipe character `|`. 

Some commands take a constructor argument. It is provided within brackets: `command("arg")`.
Furthermore, some commands have named options. These are set as follows `command(optionname="arg1",annotheroption="arg2")` or with constructor argument: `command("arg",option="arg2")`.

> To learn about the available options of a command, execute Flux without arguments: It will list all available commands, including options. or have a look at: [List of available FLUX commands.](https://github.com/metafacture/metafacture-documentation/blob/master/flux-commands.md) TODO: We need to add FIX to that list!!!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn about the available options of a command, execute Flux without arguments: It will list all available commands, including options. or have a look at: [List of available FLUX commands.](https://github.com/metafacture/metafacture-documentation/blob/master/flux-commands.md)
```

> To some commands, the entire environment can be given as argument. This is done with the `*` character: `fix("tranformation.fix", *)`. In this case Metafix gains access to all variable assignments made in Flux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To some commands the entire environment can be given as an argument. This is done with the `*` character: `fix("tranformation.fix", *)`. In this case Metafix gains access to all variable assignments made in Flux.
```

(See also [[Metafix-User-Guide#parameters-to-metafix-definitions]]).

Note that unlike shell pipes, the data flowing between Flux commands is _typed_. This means that only commands with matching signatures can be combined. Commands expect a certain input and provide a certain output like: `StreamReceiver, `Object`, `Reader` and others.

> To lookup the signatures, execute Flux without arguments or see: [[Metafix-User-Guide#parameters-to-metafix-definitions]]). It will list all available commands, including signatures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To lookup the signatures, again: execute Flux without arguments or see: [[Metafix-User-Guide#parameters-to-metafix-definitions]]). It will list all available commands, including signatures. Or simply have a look at the  [list of available FLUX commands.](https://github.com/metafacture/metafacture-documentation/blob/master/flux-commands.md)
```

### Variables
Variables are always Strings and can be concatenated with the `+` operator. Escape sequences follow the Java String conventions: `\n`=line break, `\t`=tab, `\\`=\, `\u0024`=unicode character, etc.

The `default` keyword tells Flux to assign the respective value _only_ if the variable has 

> not yet been set on the command line. Without `default`, previous assignments will be overwritten.

Reviewer: this "default" part is not clear to me

Author: This is from the original metafacture documentation wiki.

Author: perhaps @fsteeg can help

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
not yet been set on the command line. Without `default`, previous assignments, e.g. from command line variables, will be overridden by the explicitly assigned value.
```

Paths are always relative to the directory within which the flux command is executed. To address files relative to the location of the executed flux file, use the predefined `FLUX_DIR` variable.

### Comments
Flux supports single line C/Java-style comments: `//comment`.

> ## Getting Help and Inspiration (TODO: Ersetzen.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Overview of the commands and some examples
```

> 1. Have a look at the [List of available FLUX commands.](https://github.com/metafacture/metafacture-documentation/blob/master/flux-commands.md) or if the flux executed without arguments, Flux will display a short help text along with a list of all registered commands. This is the list of FLUX commands mentioned already above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Have a look at the [List of available FLUX commands](https://github.com/metafacture/metafacture-documentation/blob/master/flux-commands.md) or execute the flux without arguments to get a short help text along with a list of all registered commands. This is the list of FLUX commands mentioned already above.
```

_________________________
# For developers: 

> [!NOTE]
> Coding in JAVA.

## Adding new Commands
Add your class and a descriptive flux shortcut to `flux-commands.properties`. This file acts as a lookup table for flux commands. Use the proper file, i.e. the one residing in the same module where your newly created class resides. If you have e.g. created a class in the module `metafacture-biblio`, you add the flux-command to https://github.com/metafacture/metafacture-core/blob/master/metafacture-biblio/src/main/resources/flux-commands.properties.
Recompile. That's all to add a command.

However it's good practice to also add some annotations to the java class so that IDEs (and also humans) can pickup some hints what the new command can do, what type of input is allowed and what type of output is computed. Thus you know what commands can be chained together in a pipe.
There are 4 annotations, see this [example](https://github.com/metafacture/metafacture-core/blob/master/metafacture-biblio/src/main/java/org/metafacture/biblio/AlephMabXmlHandler.java):
```
@Description("A MAB XML reader")
@In(XmlReceiver.class)
@Out(StreamReceiver.class)

> @FluxCommand("handle-mabxml")morph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@FluxCommand("handle-mabxml")
```
